.TH STONEVPN 1 "November 2009" "" "StoneVPN User Manual"
.SH NAME
stonevpn \- Easy OpenVPN certificate and configuration management

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B stonevpn -f 
.I filename
.B -n 
.I commonname
.B [ OPTIONS ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B StoneVPN
allows you to manage OpenVPN certificates and create
configurations for Windows and Linux machines based on a
template. It can package everything into a zipfile and mail
it to a user.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 
.BI --version
Show program's version number and exit
.TP
.BI -h "\fR,\fB --help
Show the help message and exit
.TP
.BI -D "\fR,\fB --debug
Enable debugging information.
.TP
.BI -n " CNAME" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-name=" CNAME
Common Name, use quotes eg.: "John Cleese"
.TP
.BI -f " FNAME" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-file=" FNAME
Write to file FNAME (no extension!)
.TP
.BI -o " CONFS" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-config=" CONFS
Create config files for \fB[ \fIwindows\fR | \fIunix\fB ]
.TP
.BI -e " FPREFIX" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-prefix=" FPREFIX
Prefix (almost all) generated files. For example, if you set FPREFIX to 'mycorp', generated files will look like 'mycorp-user.crt/zip/key'
.TP
.BI -z \fR, \fB\-\^\-zip
Package all generated files into a ZIP file.
.TP
.BI -m " EMAILADDRESS" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-mail=" EMAILADDRESS
Send all generated files by e-mail to \fIEMAILADDRESS\fR. You might want to encrypt the user's key with a password when using this method.
.TP
.BI -i \fR, \fB\-\^\-free-ip
Locate and assign free ip by parsing the OpenVPN server configuration file, and (if present) client configuration files within the ccd directory (EXPERIMENTAL)
.TP
.BI -p \fR, \fB\-\^\-passphrase
Prompt for passphrase when generating the user's private key
.TP
.BI -r " SERIAL" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-revoke=" SERIAL
Revoke certificate with serial SERIAL
.TP
.BI -u " ROUTE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-route=" ROUTE
Push extra route(s) to client by means of a client configuration file on the server. For example:

  stonevpn -f user -n "Test User" -u 192.168.1.0/24

This will write the route to /etc/openvpn/cdd/Test_User
.TP
.BI -l \fR, \fB\-\^\-listrevoked
List revoked certificates
.TP
.BI --crl
Display CRL file contents
.TP
.BI -a \fR, \fB\-\^\-listall
List all certificates
.TP
.BI -s \fR, \fB\-\^\-showserial
Display current SSL serial number
.TP
.BI -c " PRINTCERT" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-printcert=" PRINTCERT
Prints information about a certficiate file
.TP
.BI -d \fR, \fB\-\^\-printindex
Prints index file
.TP
.BI -x " EXPIREDATE" "\fR,\fP \-\^\-expire=" EXPIREDATE
Certificate expires in EXPIREDATE days instead of the default specified in the openssl.cnf
.TP
.BI -N \fR, \fB\-\^\-newcrl
Create an empty CRL file (or overwrite an existing one)
.TP
.BI -t \fR, \fB\-\^\-test
Danger, Will Robinson, Danger! test parameter - can do
anything! Review source before executing!

.SH FILES
.I /etc/stonevpn.conf
.RS
Configuration file. See
.BR stonevpn (5)
for further details.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create a certificate and (Unix) configuration file for John Cleese and pack everything into johncleese.zip:

stonevpn -f johncleese -n "John Cleese" -z

.TP
The same, but now encrypt the user's private key with a password and email the zipfile to them:

stonevpn -f johncleese -n "John Cleese" -z -p -m user@domain.tld

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs on http://github.com/lkeijser/stonevpn/issues or mail the author.

.SH AUTHOR
Léon Keijser <keijser at stone-it dot com>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.RI stonevpn (5)
